c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Casando.Web.dll.config
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Casando.Web.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Casando.Web.pdb
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Casando.Core.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Casando.Data.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Casando.Core.pdb
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Casando.Data.pdb
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\obj\Debug\Casando.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\obj\Debug\Casando.Web.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\obj\Debug\Casando.Web.pdb
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web\bin\AutoMapper.xml
