c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Casando.Web.Tests.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Casando.Web.Tests.pdb
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Casando.Web.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Casando.Data.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Casando.Core.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Casando.Web.pdb
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Casando.Data.pdb
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Casando.Core.pdb
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Casando.Web.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Casando.Web.Tests.dll
c:\users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\obj\Debug\Casando.Web.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Casando.Web.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\pedro.benevides\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Casando\Casando.Web.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
